Add note about fetch API to browser troubleshooting (#10423)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/troubleshooting/supported-browsers.mdx

- Opera 50
- Samsung Internet 8.2

> In addition, the Sentry JavaScript SDKs require the `fetch` API to be available. If you need to support browser-like environments that do not have `fetch` available, you can should include a polyfill for the fetch API.

Author: ```suggestion
In addition, the Sentry JavaScript SDKs require the `fetch` API to be available. If you need to support browser-like environments that do not have `fetch` available, you should include a polyfill for the fetch API.
```

## Support for IE11 / ES5

The Sentry JavaScript SDK uses ES2018 syntax and functionality to provide the best possible user experience and lowest bundle size. If you want to support IE11 (or other environments that do not support ES6), you need to transpile your code using a bundler like webpack, Vite, Rollup, etc and add polyfills for ES5 functionality.

## 7.x Browser support

> `7.x` of the Sentry JavaScript SDKs uses ES6 syntax, along with a few other ES6+ language features, like object spread. If you are down-compiling your code in order to target older browsers that don't support such syntax, you'll need to include the Sentry SDK in that process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`7.x` of the Sentry JavaScript SDKs use ES6 syntax, along with a few other ES6+ language features, such as object spread. If you are down-compiling your code in order to target older browsers that don't support such syntax, you'll need to include the Sentry SDK in that process.
```
